<h1 align="center">Exercises for Section 1.1</h1>

**1.1.1:** What is the difference between a compiler and an interpreter?

* A compiler is a program that can read a program in one language _the source language_ and translate it into an equivalent program in another language _the target language_. An important role of the compiler is to report any errors in the source program that it detects during the translation process.

* Interpreter directly executes the operations specified in the source program on inputs supplied by the user.

**1.1.2:** What are the advantages of (a) a compiler over an interpreter (b) an interpreter over a compiler?

* The machine-language target program produced by a compiler is usually much faster than an interpreter at mapping inputs to outputs. An interpreter can usually give better error diagnostics than a compiler, because it executes the source program statement by statement.

**1.1.3:** What advantages are there to a language-processing system in which the compiler produces assembly language rather than machine language?

* The compiler may produce an assembly-language program as its output, because assembly language is easier to produce as output and is easier to debug.

**1.1.4:** A compiler that translates a high-level language into another high-level language is called a _source-to-source_ translator. What advantages are there to using C as a target language for a compiler?

* C compilers are available for any platform and architecture, can aggressive be optimized and C language is easier to understand than any intermediate language.

**1.1.5:** Describe some of the tasks that an assembler needs to perform.

* The assembly language is processed by an _assembler_ that produces relocatable machine code as its output.
